Doc: Add details (#802)
algolia/docsearch: docs/src/dropdown.md

</script>
```

> This snippet needs to be integrated to every pages that should integrate the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This snippet needs to be integrated to every page that integrates the dropdown UI
```

> dropdown UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

removed if first suggestion is accepted

Author: Thx

> dropdown UI.

Reviewer 2: This is there twice.
